In the previous lesson you gained a conceptual understanding of
the system architecture for Carla, our autonomous vehicle.
Next you're going to see how this software is
implemented and even practice implementing some of the software yourself.
Carla's software uses the Robot Operating System or ROS for short.
ROS is an Open Source Robotics framework that provides libraries and
tools for working with hardware and for passing messages between components.
ROS provides scaffolding to integrate the components of the car.
In the next lessons our Udacity colleagues from
the robotics Nano-degree program will teach you the basics
of ROS so you'll be ready to write code that can drive Carla.